---
Title: solar_linduxed Colorscheme for Vim
Description: Colorful theme ported into the Solarized code.
Author: Ethan Schoonover
Author: linduxed

---

Solarized Colorscheme for Vim
=============================

Developed by Ethan Schoonover <es@ethanschoonover.com>, modified by linduxed
<linduxed@gmail.com>.

Original Solarized theme
========================

This theme is no more than a modification of the Solarized theme, which is
a theme I highly recommend checking out. Lots of work has gone into the creation
of it, so do check it out on the [Solarized homepage].

[Solarized homepage]: http://ethanschoonover.com/solarized

### Modify .vimrc

The following lines need to be added to your .vimrc:

    syntax enable
    set background=dark
    colorscheme solar_linduxed

Currently the light version of the theme doesn't work.

Loading the theme in a terminal without setting the amount of terminal colors
(t_Co) will result in the theme breaking. The theme also needs to have it
specified that you want to use the 256 color version. Therefore I recommend you
add the following lines before `colorscheme solar_linduxed`:

    if !has('gui_running')
        set t_Co=256
		let g:solarized_termcolors=256
    endif

Advanced Configuration
----------------------

The theme has a couple of extra settings which you can add before running
`colorscheme solar_linduxed`.

    option name               default     optional
    ------------------------------------------------
    g:solarized_termcolors=   16      |   256
    g:solarized_termtrans =   0       |   1
    g:solarized_bold      =   1       |   0
    g:solarized_underline =   1       |   0
    g:solarized_italic    =   1       |   0
    g:solarized_contrast  =   "normal"|   "high" or "low"
    g:solarized_visibility=   "normal"|   "high" or "low"
    ------------------------------------------------

### Option Details

*   g:solarized_termcolors

    This is set to *16* by default, meaning that Solarized will attempt to use
    the standard 16 colors of your terminal emulator. You will need to set
    those colors to the correct Solarized values either manually or by
    importing one of the many colorscheme available for popular terminal
    emulators and Xdefaults.

*   g:solarized_termtrans

    If you use a terminal emulator with a transparent background and Solarized
    isn't displaying the background color transparently, set this to 1 and
    Solarized will use the default (transparent) background of the terminal
    emulator. *urxvt* required this in my testing; iTerm2 did not.

    Note that on Mac OS X Terminal.app, solarized_termtrans is set to 1 by
    default as this is almost always the best option. The only exception to
    this is if the working terminfo file supports 256 colors (xterm-256color).

*   g:solarized_bold | g:solarized_underline | g:solarized_italic

    If you wish to stop Solarized from displaying bold, underlined or
    italicized typefaces, simply assign a zero value to the appropriate
    variable, for example: `let g:solarized_italic=0`

*   g:solarized_contrast

    Stick with normal! It's been carefully tested. Setting this option to high
    or low does use the same Solarized palette but simply shifts some values up
    or down in order to expand or compress the tonal range displayed.

*   g:solarized_visibility

    Special characters such as trailing whitespace, tabs, newlines, when
    displayed using `:set list` can be set to one of three levels depending on
    your needs. Default value is `normal` with `high` and `low` options.

Toggle Background Function
--------------------------

Solarized comes with a Toggle Background plugin that by default will map to
<F5> if that mapping is available. If it is not available you will need to
either map the function manually or change your current <F5> mapping to
something else.

To set your own mapping in your .vimrc file, simply add the following line to
support normal, insert and visual mode usage, changing the "<F5>" value to the
key or key combination you wish to use:

    call togglebg#map("<F5>")

Note that you'll want to use a single function key or equivalent if you want
the plugin to work in all modes (normal, insert, visual).

License
-------
Copyright (c) 2011 Ethan Schoonover

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
